README.md, before:

# Llama Cookbook: The Official Guide to building with Llama Models

Welcome to the official repository for helping you get started with [inference](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/inference/), [fine-tuning](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/finetuning) and [end-to-end use-cases](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases) of building with the Llama Model family.

This repository covers the most popular community approaches, use-cases and the latest recipes for Llama Text and Vision models.

> [!TIP]
> Popular getting started links:
> * [Build with Llama Tutorial](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/build_with_Llama_3_2.ipynb)
> * [Multimodal Inference with Llama 3.2 Vision](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/inference/local_inference/README.md#multimodal-inference)
> * [Inferencing using Llama Guard (Safety Model)](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/responsible_ai/llama_guard/)

> [!TIP]
> Popular end to end recipes:
> * [Email Agent](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases/email_agent/)
> * [NotebookLlama](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases/NotebookLlama/)
> * [Text to SQL](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases/coding/text2sql/)


> Note: We recently did a refactor of the repo, [archive-main](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/archive-main) is a snapshot branch from before the refactor

## Repository Structure:

- [3P Integrations](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/3p-integrations): Getting Started Recipes and End to End Use-Cases from various Llama providers
- [End to End Use Cases](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases): As the name suggests, spanning various domains and applications
- [Getting Started](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/): Reference for inferencing, fine-tuning and RAG examples
- [src](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/src/): Contains the src for the original llama-recipes library along with some FAQs for fine-tuning.

## FAQ:
## FAQ:

- **Q:** What happened to llama-recipes?  
  **A:** We recently renamed llama-recipes to llama-cookbook.

- **Q:** Prompt Template changes for Multi-Modality?  
  **A:** Llama 3.2 follows the same prompt template as Llama 3.1, with a new special token `<|image|>` representing the input image for the multimodal models. More details on the prompt templates for image reasoning, tool-calling, and code interpreter can be found [on the documentation website](https://llama.meta.com/docs/model-cards-and-prompt-formats/llama3_2).

- **Q:** I have some questions for Fine-Tuning, is there a section to address these?  
  **A:** Checkout the Fine-Tuning FAQ [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/src/docs/).

- **Q:** Some links are broken/folders are missing:  
  **A:** We recently did a refactor of the repo, [archive-main](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/archive-main) is a snapshot branch from before the refactor.

- **Q:** Where can we find details about the latest models?  
  **A:** Official [Llama models website](https://www.llama.com).

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## License
<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->

See the License file for Meta Llama 3.2 [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3_2/LICENSE) and Acceptable Use Policy [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3_2/USE_POLICY.md)

See the License file for Meta Llama 3.1 [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3_1/LICENSE) and Acceptable Use Policy [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3_1/USE_POLICY.md)

See the License file for Meta Llama 3 [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3/LICENSE) and Acceptable Use Policy [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3/USE_POLICY.md)

See the License file for Meta Llama 2 [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama2/LICENSE) and Acceptable Use Policy [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama2/USE_POLICY.md)
<!-- markdown-link-check-enable -->

Commit message:

Llama 4 4.3 release (#24)
* Bump tj-actions/changed-files in /.github/workflows

Bumps [tj-actions/changed-files](https://github.com/tj-actions/changed-files) from 41.0.0 to 45.0.8.
- [Release notes](https://github.com/tj-actions/changed-files/releases)
- [Changelog](https://github.com/tj-actions/changed-files/blob/main/HISTORY.md)
- [Commits](https://github.com/tj-actions/changed-files/compare/v41.0.0...v45.0.8)

---
updated-dependencies:
- dependency-name: tj-actions/changed-files
  dependency-type: direct:production
...

Signed-off-by: dependabot[bot] <support@github.com>

* Add gs nb

* wip: hf l4 nb

* wip: hf nb

* Add L4 Scout notebook

* Update README.md with link to l4 notebook

* Update llama_4_prompt_examples.ipynb

* Adding correct links

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* add changes

* Update build_with_llama_4.ipynb

* Update build_with_llama_4.ipynb

* deprecate old nb

* Update README.md

* fixing type in readme

---------

Signed-off-by: dependabot[bot] <support@github.com>
Co-authored-by: dependabot[bot] <49699333+dependabot[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Jon Janzen <jon@jonjanzen.com>
Co-authored-by: Suraj Subramanian <suraj813@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Suraj <subramen@meta.com>
Co-authored-by: Suraj Subramanian <5676233+subramen@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Sanyam Bhutani <sanyambhutani@meta.com>

README.md, after:

# Llama Cookbook: The Official Guide to building with Llama Models

Checkout our latest model tutorial here: [Build with Llama 4 Scout](./getting-started/build_with_llama_4.ipynb)

Welcome to the official repository for helping you get started with [inference](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/inference/), [fine-tuning](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/finetuning) and [end-to-end use-cases](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases) of building with the Llama Model family.

This repository covers the most popular community approaches, use-cases and the latest recipes for Llama Text and Vision models.

> [!TIP]
> Popular getting started links:
> * [Build with Llama 4 Scout](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/build_with_llama_4.ipynb)
> * [Multimodal Inference with Llama 3.2 Vision](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/inference/local_inference/README.md#multimodal-inference)
> * [Inferencing using Llama Guard (Safety Model)](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/responsible_ai/llama_guard/)

> [!TIP]
> Popular end to end recipes:
> * [Email Agent](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases/email_agent/)
> * [NotebookLlama](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases/NotebookLlama/)
> * [Text to SQL](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases/coding/text2sql/)


> Note: We recently did a refactor of the repo, [archive-main](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/archive-main) is a snapshot branch from before the refactor

## Repository Structure:

- [3P Integrations](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/3p-integrations): Getting Started Recipes and End to End Use-Cases from various Llama providers
- [End to End Use Cases](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/end-to-end-use-cases): As the name suggests, spanning various domains and applications
- [Getting Started](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/getting-started/): Reference for inferencing, fine-tuning and RAG examples
- [src](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/src/): Contains the src for the original llama-recipes library along with some FAQs for fine-tuning.

## FAQ:
## FAQ:

- **Q:** What happened to llama-recipes?
  **A:** We recently renamed llama-recipes to llama-cookbook.

- **Q:** Prompt Template changes for Multi-Modality?
  **A:** Llama 3.2 follows the same prompt template as Llama 3.1, with a new special token `<|image|>` representing the input image for the multimodal models. More details on the prompt templates for image reasoning, tool-calling, and code interpreter can be found [on the documentation website](https://llama.meta.com/docs/model-cards-and-prompt-formats/llama3_2).

- **Q:** I have some questions for Fine-Tuning, is there a section to address these?
  **A:** Checkout the Fine-Tuning FAQ [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/main/src/docs/).

- **Q:** Some links are broken/folders are missing:
  **A:** We recently did a refactor of the repo, [archive-main](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-cookbook/tree/archive-main) is a snapshot branch from before the refactor.

- **Q:** Where can we find details about the latest models?
  **A:** Official [Llama models website](https://www.llama.com).

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## License
<!-- markdown-link-check-disable -->

See the License file for Meta Llama 3.2 [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3_2/LICENSE) and Acceptable Use Policy [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3_2/USE_POLICY.md)

See the License file for Meta Llama 3.1 [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3_1/LICENSE) and Acceptable Use Policy [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3_1/USE_POLICY.md)

See the License file for Meta Llama 3 [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3/LICENSE) and Acceptable Use Policy [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama3/USE_POLICY.md)

See the License file for Meta Llama 2 [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama2/LICENSE) and Acceptable Use Policy [here](https://github.com/meta-llama/llama-models/blob/main/models/llama2/USE_POLICY.md)
<!-- markdown-link-check-enable -->
